>> Josh Long: Okay, so that's this.
That's one thing you can do is graalvm,
and
I think that's a worthwhile thing to do.
The other thing you might want to do
is to turn it into a native image.
So you can do this even if you don't
have GRAALVM on your local machine.
So, sorry, we're going to turn
it into a Docker image now.
So what we're going to do
is we're going to say, d,
skip tests, P,
native spring boot colon, build image.
Can you all do this?
Okay, this right here.
Trying to copy and paste it,
but it's going poorly.
There you go, okay.
Do that in the root of your project and
that'll build you a Docker
image that's also native.
And even if you don't have GRAALVM
installed in your local Mac,
this should still work, as far as I know.
So how do we do everybody
get a Docker image?
This will take a little while.
Takes a minute or two.
Because it's going to do the native
image compilation inside of Docker,
you're going to want to start
creating some environment variables.
So export, spring, data source,
URL equals username
equals password equals.
It'll be secret, it'll be my user.
It'll be JDBC, PostgreSQL,
Localhost, my database.
Make sure you've got those set in
the shell in which you've built the Docker
image.
I'm going to copy them over here.
Paste.
Okay, and now you should have
a Docker image down here.
This is the Docker image name.
So you're going to want to set that for
the Docker.
So spring,
data source,
password equals.
Actually, you know what?
This might be easier to do in a script.
Put that
in a file
here, okay
and then
the name of
the build.
Okay, so let me see if that works.
Whoops.
It's going to be.
Remember we talked about this yesterday?
Host.docker.internal I think it is.
Or is it docker.host.internal,
that looks right.
And then you want to run
it on the same port.
You want to export the port.
So -P8080:8080.
There you go, there you go.
So now localhost 8080 customers, voila.
So do this.
Replace this with whatever the Docker
image that it should have printed out at
the end of the build a few minutes ago.
What your Docker image is.
>> Student: And then sorry,
are we actually making a script or
are we configuring something.
>> Josh Long: I just run this in
the shell or create a script or whatever.
It's just there's so many moving parts.
I just put it in a script.
But you can do whatever you want.
You just need to set up.
You can actually hard code
those values in here.
I'm just it's nothing too scary.
I'm just setting environment variables for
the Docker image and
I'm using variables to
keep it a little cleaner.
We've done a sort of speed run of building
an application, talking to a database,
introducing observability and then
packaging it in a way that's suitable for
production.
And you all basically got there.
I'm like, this is easy, right?
If I can do this,
you can definitely do this.
This is an easy thing to do and
it's basic stuff.
This is all the kind of stuff, this is
all the kind of like bread and butter.
Every app needs to do this kind of stuff.
You're going to have something talking to
a database, you might have something on
the web, you're going to need
to put it into a container and
take this to any cloud
platform around the world.
You can take it to Kubernetes, take it to
Cloud Foundry, ticket to anything, right?
This is a wonderful result.
This is production worthy software.
You don't have to look elsewhere for
things to dockerize your image.
ways to turn it into this
nice super fast thing.
You don't need to look elsewhere for
tools to make it observable.
Just add the right starters and
then run the right command and
it's all provided for you out of the box.